Add 3DSecure 2.0 snippet to readme (#144)
braintree/braintree-android-drop-in: README.md

}
```

### 3D Secure + Drop-in

> The new Drop-In supports 3D-Secure verification. If you have enabled 3D-Secure in the control panel, enable it with `DropInRequest.requestThreeDSecureVerification(true)` and set an amount. Then, create a ThreeDSecureRequest() object, setting as many fields on it as possible; the more fields that are set, the less likely it is that a user will be be presented with a challenge. Make sure to attach this object to the BTDropInRequest before use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new Drop-In supports 3D-Secure verification. Assuming you have [3D-Secure configured](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/3d-secure/configuration) for your account, enable it in your client with `DropInRequest.requestThreeDSecureVerification(true)` and set an amount. Then, create a ThreeDSecureRequest() object, setting `ThreeDSecurePostalAddress` and `ThreeDSecureAdditionalInformation` fields where possible; the more fields that are set, the less likely a user will be presented with a challenge. For more information, check our [3D Secure Migration Guide](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/3d-secure/migration/android/v3#getting-ready-for-3ds-2). Make sure to attach this object to the `BTDropInRequest` before use.
```

Reviewer: Some clarifying edits.

```java
ThreeDSecurePostalAddress billingAddress = new ThreeDSecurePostalAddress()
    .givenName("Jill")
    .surname("Doe")
    .phoneNumber("5551234567")
    .streetAddress("555 Smith St")
    .extendedAddress("#2")
    .locality("Chicago")
    .region("IL")
    .postalCode("12345")
    .countryCodeAlpha2("US");

ThreeDSecureRequest threeDSecureRequest = new ThreeDSecureRequest()
    .amount("1.00")

>     .versionRequested(Settings.getThreeDSecureVersion(this))

Reviewer 2: `Settings.getThreeDSecureVersion(this)` is specific to our demo app, right? Not something a merchant would necessarily have? I wonder if it would make more sense to hard-code this like the other values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    .versionRequested("2")
```

Reviewer 3: We have a constant defined for this that should be used, `ThreeDSecureRequest.VERSION_2`
